content/_index.md, before:

---
# Leave the homepage title empty to use the site title
title: ''
date: 2022-10-24
type: landing

design:
  # Default section spacing
  spacing: '6rem'

sections:
  - block: resume-biography-3
    content:
      # Choose a user profile to display (a folder name within `content/authors/`)
      username: admin
      text: ''
      # Show a call-to-action button under your biography? (optional)
      button:
        text: Download CV
        url: uploads/resume.pdf
      headings:
        about: ''
        education: ''
        interests: ''
    design:
      # Apply a gradient background
      css_class: hbx-bg-gradient
      # Avatar customization
      avatar:
        size: medium # Options: small (150px), medium (200px, default), large (320px), xl (400px), xxl (500px)
        shape: circle # Options: circle (default), square, rounded
  - block: markdown
    content:
      title: '📚 My Research'
      subtitle: ''
      text: |-
        Use this area to speak to your mission. I'm a research scientist in the Moonshot team at DeepMind. I blog about machine learning, deep learning, and moonshots.

        I apply a range of qualitative and quantitative methods to comprehensively investigate the role of science and technology in the economy.

        Please reach out to collaborate 😃
    design:
      columns: '1'
  - block: collection
    id: papers
    content:
      title: Featured Publications
      filters:
        folders:
          - publications
        featured_only: true
    design:
      view: article-grid
      columns: 2
  - block: collection
    content:
      title: Recent Publications
      text: ''
      filters:
        folders:
          - publications
        exclude_featured: false
    design:
      view: citation
  - block: collection
    id: talks
    content:
      title: Recent & Upcoming Talks
      filters:
        folders:
          - events
    design:
      view: card
  - block: collection
    id: news
    content:
      title: Recent News
      subtitle: ''
      text: ''
      # Page type to display. E.g. post, talk, publication...
      page_type: blog
      # Choose how many pages you would like to display (0 = all pages)
      count: 5
      # Filter on criteria
      filters:
        author: ''
        category: ''
        tag: ''
        exclude_featured: false
        exclude_future: false
        exclude_past: false
        publication_type: ''
      # Choose how many pages you would like to offset by
      offset: 0
      # Page order: descending (desc) or ascending (asc) date.
      order: desc
    design:
      # Choose a layout view
      view: card
      # Reduce spacing
      spacing:
        padding: [0, 0, 0, 0]
  - block: cta-card
    demo: true # Only display this section in the Hugo Blox Builder demo site
    content:
      title: 👉 Build your own academic website like this
      text: |-
        This site is generated by Hugo Blox Builder - the FREE, Hugo-based open source website builder trusted by 250,000+ academics like you.

        Easily build anything with blocks - no-code required!

        From landing pages, second brains, and courses to academic resumés, conferences, and tech blogs.
      button:
        text: Get Started
        url: https://hugoblox.com/templates/
    design:
      card:
        # Card background color (CSS class)
        css_class: 'bg-primary-300 dark:bg-primary-700'
        css_style: ''

  - block: resume-experience
    content:
      username: "admin"
      title: "Experience"
    design:
      columns: "1"
      spacing:
        padding: ["6","6","6","6"]

  - block: resume-skills
    content:
      username: "admin"
      title: "Skills"
      text: ""
    design:
      columns: "1"
      spacing:
        padding: ["6","6","6","6"]

  - block: markdown
    content:
      title: "Blog"
      subtitle: "Latest updates from research and fieldwork"
      text: |
        Visit the **Blog** section for new posts, research notes, and outreach updates.
        [View all posts →](/post/)
    design:
      columns: "1"
---

Commit message:

Revise homepage content and titles for clarity
Updated homepage content including title, date, and various sections to reflect new research focus and professional details.

content/_index.md, after:

---
# Leave title empty to use site title
title: ''
date: 2025-01-01
type: landing

design:
  # Default section spacing
  spacing: '6rem'

sections:
  - block: resume-biography-3
    content:
      # Choose a user profile to display (a folder name within `content/authors/`)
      username: admin
      text: ''
      # Show a call-to-action button under your biography? (optional)
      button:
        text: Download CV
        url: uploads/CV.pdf
      headings:
        about: ''
        education: ''
        interests: ''
    design:
      # Apply a gradient background
      css_class: hbx-bg-gradient
      # Avatar customization
      avatar:
        size: medium # Options: small (150px), medium (200px, default), large (320px), xl (400px), xxl (500px)
        shape: circle # Options: circle (default), square, rounded
  - block: markdown
    content:
      title: 'Research Focus'
      subtitle: ''
      text: |-
        Robert J. Dellinger is a Ph.D. student in Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences at UCLA, specializing in biogeochemistry, under the mentorship of Dr. Aradhna Tripati. Rob's research explores the interactive effects of ocean acidification and warming on marine organisms by assessing their physiological responses to projected climate change scenarios. By employing mechanistic approaches, they aim to predict how changes at the organismal level could scale up to influence broader ecosystem functions.

    design:
      columns: '1'
  - block: collection
    id: papers
    content:
      title: Featured Publications
      filters:
        folders:
          - publications
        featured_only: true
    design:
      view: article-grid
      columns: 2
  - block: collection
    content:
      title: Recent Publications
      text: ''
      filters:
        folders:
          - publications
        exclude_featured: false
    design:
      view: citation
  - block: collection
    id: talks
    content:
      title: Conferences & Colloquia
      filters:
        folders:
          - events
    design:
      view: card
  - block: collection
    id: news
    content:
      title: Recent News
      subtitle: ''
      text: ''
      # Page type to display. E.g. post, talk, publication...
      page_type: blog
      # Choose how many pages you would like to display (0 = all pages)
      count: 5
      # Filter on criteria
      filters:
        author: ''
        category: ''
        tag: ''
        exclude_featured: false
        exclude_future: false
        exclude_past: false
        publication_type: ''
      # Choose how many pages you would like to offset by
      offset: 0
      # Page order: descending (desc) or ascending (asc) date.
      order: desc
    design:
      # Choose a layout view
      view: card
      # Reduce spacing
      spacing:
        padding: [0, 0, 0, 0]
  - block: cta-card
    demo: true # Only display this section in the Hugo Blox Builder demo site
    content:
      title: 👉 Build your own academic website like this
      text: |-

      button:
        text: Get Started
        url: https://hugoblox.com/templates/
    design:
      card:
        # Card background color (CSS class)
        css_class: 'bg-primary-300 dark:bg-primary-700'
        css_style: ''

  - block: resume-experience
    content:
      username: "admin"
      title: "Professional Experience"
    design:
      columns: "1"
      spacing:
        padding: ["6","6","6","6"]

  - block: resume-skills
    content:
      username: "admin"
      title: "Research & Technical Skills"
      text: ""
    design:
      columns: "1"
      spacing:
        padding: ["6","6","6","6"]

  - block: markdown
    content:
      title: "Media & Outreach"
      subtitle: "Writing, Communication, and Public Engagement"
      text: |
        Explore features, interviews, and science communication projects highlighting ocean–climate research and collaborative storytelling.  
        For essays and research reflections, visit the [Blog →](/post/).
    design:
      columns: "1"
---
