content/outreach/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Outreach"
type: landing
summary: "Media, press, and writing"
sections:
  - block: markdown
    content:
      title: "Media & Press"
      text: ""

  - block: resume-experience
    content:
      title: "Features and Interviews"
      items:
        - title: "Bypass the Brain, Strike the Heart"
          company: "Possibilities Climate Newsletter"
          date_start: "2025-07-17"
          date_end: ""
          url: "https://www.possibilities.news/climate-artivism-kumi-naidoo/"
          description: "Moderated dialogue with Kumi Naidoo and Yessenia Funes on art as climate communication"
        - title: "What Non-Monogamy Can Teach Us About Climate Advocacy"
          company: "Currently HQ"
          date_start: "2022-04-21"
          date_end: ""
          url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20220520114045/https://currentlyhq.com/personal/nonmonogamy-teaches-us-about-climate-advocacy"
          description: "Interview connecting ethics of care to movement culture"
        - title: "IN FISH: Student Robert Dellinger Celebrates National Hispanic Heritage Month"
          company: "NOAA Fisheries"
          date_start: "2021-09-30"
          date_end: ""
          url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20211126225050/https://www.fisheries.noaa.gov/feature-story/fish-student-robert-dellinger-celebrates-national-hispanic-heritage-month"
          description: "Bilingual feature on histopathology research and heritage"
        - title: "Eco-Alpha Farewell"
          company: "Eco-Alpha Environmental and Engineering Services"
          date_start: "2021-08-20"
          date_end: ""
          url: "https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:6827991894098751488/"
          description: "Farewell feature on environmental technician work and next steps"
        - title: "2021 Commencement: Marine and Coastal Science Major Graduates"
          company: "UC Davis CMSI and BML"
          date_start: "2021-06-03"
          date_end: ""
          url: "https://marinescience.ucdavis.edu/news/2021-commencement"
          description: "Graduation feature highlighting next steps and Department Citation"

  - block: markdown
    content:
      title: "Writing"
      text: ""

  - block: resume-experience
    content:
      title: "Essays and Posts"
      items:
        - title: "Overturning Circulation Kitchen Oceanography Experiment"
          company: "Adventures in Oceanography and Teaching"
          date_start: "2020-04-16"
          date_end: ""
          url: "https://mirjamglessmer.com/2020/04/16/brine-rejection-and-overturning-but-not-the-way-you-think-guest-post-by-robert-dellinger/"
          description: "Kitchen oceanography experiment on thermally driven overturning and meltwater plumes"
        - title: "Slavery in Thailand's Fishing Industry"
          company: "Davis Political Review"
          date_start: "2018-12-19"
          date_end: ""
          url: "https://www.davispoliticalreview.com/article/2018/12/19/slavery-in-thailands-fishing-industry"
          description: "Investigative overview of labor exploitation and seafood supply chains"
        - title: "Our Crude Awakening: Trump's Offshore Drilling Plan"
          company: "Davis Political Review"
          date_start: "2018-06-28"
          date_end: ""
          url: "https://www.davispoliticalreview.com/article/2018/06/28/our-crude-awakening-trumps-offshore-drilling-plan-will-cause-a-global-environmental-crisis"
          description: "Opinion on environmental, legal, and economic risks of drilling expansion"
---

Commit message:

Rename Outreach to Public Engagement

content/outreach/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Public Engagement"
type: landing
summary: "Engagement with Media/Press and Writing for the Public "
sections:
  - block: markdown
    content:
      title: "Media & Press"
      text: ""

  - block: resume-experience
    content:
      title: "Features and Interviews"
      items:
        - title: "Bypass the Brain, Strike the Heart"
          company: "Possibilities Climate Newsletter"
          date_start: "2025-07-17"
          date_end: ""
          url: "https://www.possibilities.news/climate-artivism-kumi-naidoo/"
          description: "Moderated dialogue with Kumi Naidoo and Yessenia Funes on art as climate communication"
        - title: "What Non-Monogamy Can Teach Us About Climate Advocacy"
          company: "Currently HQ"
          date_start: "2022-04-21"
          date_end: ""
          url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20220520114045/https://currentlyhq.com/personal/nonmonogamy-teaches-us-about-climate-advocacy"
          description: "Interview connecting ethics of care to movement culture"
        - title: "IN FISH: Student Robert Dellinger Celebrates National Hispanic Heritage Month"
          company: "NOAA Fisheries"
          date_start: "2021-09-30"
          date_end: ""
          url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20211126225050/https://www.fisheries.noaa.gov/feature-story/fish-student-robert-dellinger-celebrates-national-hispanic-heritage-month"
          description: "Bilingual feature on histopathology research and heritage"
        - title: "Eco-Alpha Farewell"
          company: "Eco-Alpha Environmental and Engineering Services"
          date_start: "2021-08-20"
          date_end: ""
          url: "https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:6827991894098751488/"
          description: "Farewell feature on environmental technician work and next steps"
        - title: "2021 Commencement: Marine and Coastal Science Major Graduates"
          company: "UC Davis CMSI and BML"
          date_start: "2021-06-03"
          date_end: ""
          url: "https://marinescience.ucdavis.edu/news/2021-commencement"
          description: "Graduation feature highlighting next steps and Department Citation"

  - block: markdown
    content:
      title: "Writing"
      text: ""

  - block: resume-experience
    content:
      title: "Essays and Posts"
      items:
        - title: "Overturning Circulation Kitchen Oceanography Experiment"
          company: "Adventures in Oceanography and Teaching"
          date_start: "2020-04-16"
          date_end: ""
          url: "https://mirjamglessmer.com/2020/04/16/brine-rejection-and-overturning-but-not-the-way-you-think-guest-post-by-robert-dellinger/"
          description: "Kitchen oceanography experiment on thermally driven overturning and meltwater plumes"
        - title: "Slavery in Thailand's Fishing Industry"
          company: "Davis Political Review"
          date_start: "2018-12-19"
          date_end: ""
          url: "https://www.davispoliticalreview.com/article/2018/12/19/slavery-in-thailands-fishing-industry"
          description: "Investigative overview of labor exploitation and seafood supply chains"
        - title: "Our Crude Awakening: Trump's Offshore Drilling Plan"
          company: "Davis Political Review"
          date_start: "2018-06-28"
          date_end: ""
          url: "https://www.davispoliticalreview.com/article/2018/06/28/our-crude-awakening-trumps-offshore-drilling-plan-will-cause-a-global-environmental-crisis"
          description: "Opinion on environmental, legal, and economic risks of drilling expansion"
---
